这是听力材料文本。text1以前的内容会被忽略。
Text 1 W: Would you mind passing me that, please? M: No problem. The salt or pepper? W: I meant the spoon.  Text 2  W: Fairly warm this morning, isn’t it?  M: Yes, the sun is shining, but the wind is strong. The radio warned of heavy rain in two hours. Text 3 W: Hey, Michael, have you heard about this? M: What, Kathy? W: You know Janice, the film star? The paparazzi are following her all the time. Isn’t it terrible? M: It seems to me that if you want to be famous, you have to accept everything the media do. Text 4 W: Daniel, what sort of sports do you usually do? M: I used to play football a lot. But I think baseball is more exciting, and I really love it. W: Well, boys in my class like to play basketball. Text 5 M: Where are you going this weekend? Will you go to the National Library as usual? W: My son wants to go somewhere different this time, so my husband has booked a ticket to the amusement park. M: It sounds nice. W: Although I’d like to go to the shopping mall, I have to be with my family. Text 6 W: You know I have just finished a very interesting research about what students do after school. M: Really? What did you find? W: Well, I interviewed 30 students and 20 of them play computer games.  M: Really? I never play them. Do you? W: Not much. Anyway, about half of them, 14 people, play some kind of sports like football, basketball, or swimming. M: I’m not surprised. People are getting more exercise these days. I’m one of them. W: Yes, that’s good for health. Besides, a few of them go to the movies. M: Mm, I do, too. W: But here is the most surprising result: only one of them helps the parents do some housework. M: That’s terrible. Text 7 W: Do you need help with something? M: I’m looking for a book for my engineering paper. The deadline is this Friday. But I can’t find one on the shelf. W: Have you checked the computer? M: Yes, I already have. It said the book is on that shelf, but it isn’t. There are only some books about finance. W: Well, I’ll see whether I can get one from other libraries. M: That’s so kind of you! 
W: Let me see. Today is Monday. I will contact them this afternoon. And you can call me tomorrow. M: Thank you very much. Text 8 W: Good afternoon. What can I do for you? M: Good afternoon. Would it be possible for me to have an apartment? W: Certainly, sir. M: How much is it, please? W: It is 320 yuan per day. M: What services come with that? W: Well, you will have your breakfast delivered for free, but extra charge is needed for Internet access and newspaper delivery. M: On which floor is the apartment? W: We have three apartments available. One is on the first floor, the rest are on the ninth and thirteenth floor.  M: Which is quiet? I hate noise at night. W: The ones on the ninth and thirteenth floor are quieter.  M: Both of them face the south? W: The one on the thirteenth floor faces the south. M: I think I’ll take the one on the thirteenth floor. W: OK. Text 9 M: Hello. May I help you? W: Hi, it’s Laura Carlton here. We’ve just arrived at the holiday flat, but I can’t get the hot water and heating to work. M: Don’t worry. In the upstairs cupboard you will find the water heater. You’ll see three main controls on the left. Switch it to the “on” position. W: OK. While you are on the phone, we can’t find a few things we need, like extra pillows and some washing powder. Is there any? M: Pillows... Yes, if you look in the cupboard in your bedroom, there should be four or five on the top shelf. And if you want to do some washing, the powder should be near the door in the large blue box.  W: Thanks. What about visiting the town? Could you give me some advice? M: As for places to visit, do go and see the art gallery. The exhibition is small but really good. It gets very crowded on Sundays, so I suggest you visit it on a quiet day, later in the week. But not on Thursdays which is a market day.  W: Got it! Thanks a lot!  Text 10 Good morning, everyone. I’m William Roberts, your history teacher of this term. At the very beginning, I’d like to give you some information and requirements of this course. It is scheduled at 2:00 pm. every Tuesday and Thursday. Please arrive at this room on time and remember to bring the textbook, assignment paper and the research plan with you. Before class you are expected to read some articles which are included in your handout, and in each class you should be involved in the group activities and voice your own opinion. Your final exam consists of three parts. First, complete a 3000-word essay on a topic. You can choose any topic you are interested in. Second, give a ten-minute talk in your study group. And the last is an open book exam at the end of this term. Do you have any question?

